fix(replay): Preserve segment ID after buffer-to-session conversion (#5753)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixes

> - Fix replay segment ID normalization after buffer-to-session conversion ([#5753](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5753))

Author: ```suggestion
- Session Replay: Fix first recording segment missing for replays in `buffer` mode ([#5753](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5753))
```
